Update dag-best-practices.md (#2200)
astronomer/docs: learn/dag-best-practices.md

Changing the name of a DAG also creates a new entry in the database that powers the dashboard. Follow a consistent naming convention since changing a DAG's name doesn't delete the entry in the database for the old name.

### Set retries

In a distributed environment where task containers are executed on shared hosts, it's possible for tasks to be killed off unexpectedly. When this happens, you might see  a [zombie process](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zombie_process) in the Airflow logs.

You can resolve issues like zombies by using task retries. Retries can be set at different levels with the following precedence:
1. **Tasks:**  Pass the `retries` parameter to the task's Operator.
2. **DAGs:** Include `retries` in a DAG's `default_args` object.
3. **Deployments:** Set the environment variable `AIRFLOW__CORE__DEFAULT_TASK_RETRIES`.

> Setting retries to `2` will protect a task from most problems common to distributed environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting retries to `2` will protect a task from most problems common to distributed environments. For more on using retries, see [Rerun DAGs and Tasks](rerunning-dags.md).
```

Changing the name of a DAG also creates a new entry in the database that powers the dashboard. Follow a consistent naming convention since changing a DAG's name doesn't delete the entry in the database for the old name.

### Set retries

In a distributed environment where task containers are executed on shared hosts, it's possible for tasks to be killed off unexpectedly. When this happens, you might see  a [zombie process](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zombie_process) in the Airflow logs.

> Issues like this can be resolved by using task retries. Retries can be set at the DAG level using `default_args`, at the task level using the parameter `retries`, or at the deployment level by setting the environment variable `AIRFLOW__CORE__DEFAULT_TASK_RETRIES`. Setting retries to 2 will protect a given task from problems common to distributed environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can resolve issues like zombie processes by using task retries. Retries can be set at different levels with the following:

- **Tasks:**  Use the parameter `retries`
- **DAGs:** Use `default_args`
- **Deployments:** Set the environment variable, `AIRFLOW__CORE__DEFAULT_TASK_RETRIES`

Set the value to `2` to protect a task from problems common to distributed environments.
```

It can be a little hard to skim a list like this, so I broke it out into bullet points. But I also have a couple of clarifying questions -  

1. In the last sentence, does **retries** only refer to the parameter `retries` or does it apply to all of these? 
2. I have these ordered from most specific to most general - is that ok?
3. What are accepted values? What's the default behavior?

Reviewer: Bullets look good to me. Some general answers to your questions:

1. "retries" applies to all three parameters. They are all controlling the same behavior, just at different levels of specificity.
2. I don't think the order matters here too much, yours is fine with me.
3. I wouldn't say there's an "accepted" value for retries since it's so use case specific. The default for all of them is 0 retries.

Reviewer: I think we should add a note here about precedence since we're showing all three options. Precedence is the same as the current order of the bullets - if you set a deployment level variable it will apply to all tasks, unless it is overridden in a specific DAG or a specific task. Same with DAG-level args -> task-level args
